The Army Air Force, which is based in Malawi, has already destroyed a large part of enemy air force,
and is working closely with the ground operation to secure the airspace,
particularly, it is working closely with the ground operation to secure the airspace,
The air force of this area, which was still in service on January 17, since the war,
has been attacking and destroying the Marui area, 279 of them.
There are 135 of them attacking and destroying the Burma area.
As you can imagine, the military has been attacking the Marui area
and destroying the Burma area since the war on December 12,
which was the battle of Jitro-akin.
We believe that the military has been hit hard by the enemy.
The so-called Jitro-raiu was built 6 months ago and was built after the war.
At least 3 months later, the military was defending the area
with its military base called Ik consum.
First of all, the Wirakstatu lettuce human rights', which we have FL been using,
has been fighting and destroying with its own strength,
and we also hope that it will be used by the enemy
The enemy spamrow got damaged.
All cries of praise were heard.
Due to that the enemy became a weak force
and they had to neify their battle putoff performance.
But because of the defeat of war
I've told the British takeover of Japan.
Now our tofu pork was ready to live.
The Board is sent a letter to the.♪